README.md, before:

<h1 align="center"> Hi, I'm Gopal Patil</h1>
<p align="center">
🎓 <b>B.Tech IT (2025)</b> | <b>AI/ML & Computer Vision Developer</b>
</p>

---

### 🚀 About Me  
I build **practical AI applications** that blend machine learning, automation, and computer vision.  
Focused on turning ideas into usable, deployable tools with **FastAPI**, **Streamlit**, and **PySide6**.

---

### 🔧 Projects  

- **Violence Detection App** – Real-time video analysis using TensorFlow + OpenCV  
  🔗 Demo & Code → [Link](https://github.com/gopalpatil15/Violence-Detection.git)

- **AI Gym Trainer** – Real-time posture correction with MediaPipe + Streamlit  
  🔗 Demo & Code → [Link](https://github.com/gopalpatil15/Gym-AI-Trainer.git)

- **NLQ-Engine** – Natural language queries to database (LLM + FastAPI)  
  🔗 Demo & Code → [Link](https://github.com/gopalpatil15/NLQ-Engine.git)

---

### 🏆 Achievements  
- **Oracle Cloud Infrastructure 2025 — AI Foundations Associate (Score: 98%)**  
<a href="https://github.com/gopalpatil15/gopalpatil15/blob/main/GOPALPAILCERTIFICATE_page-0001.jpg"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/View Certificate-blue?style=flat-square&logo=oracle&logoColor=white"></a>
- Contributed to a **research paper** on AI automation  

---

### ⚙️ Tech Stack  
Python · TensorFlow · OpenCV · FastAPI · Streamlit · PySide6 · SQLite · Git  

---

### 📊 GitHub Stats  
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=gopalpatil15&show_icons=true&theme=radical" height="160" />
  <img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=gopalpatil15&theme=radical" height="160" />
</p>

---

### 📈 Top Languages  
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=gopalpatil15&layout=compact&theme=radical" height="160" />
</p>

---

### 🤝 Connect With Me  
<p align="center">
   <a href="mailto:bhamaregopal1573@gmail.com"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail&logoColor=white"></a>
   <a href="https://github.com/gopalpatil15"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-000000?logo=github&logoColor=white"></a>
  
</p>

---

<p align="center"><b>“Turning ideas into intelligent automation.”</b></p>

Commit message:

Update README with availability and role preferences
Added a section on availability and roles sought.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center"> Hi, I'm Gopal Patil</h1>
<p align="center">
🎓 <b>B.Tech IT (2025)</b> | <b>AI/ML & Computer Vision Developer</b>
</p>

---

### 🚀 About Me  
I build **practical AI applications** that blend machine learning, automation, and computer vision.  
Focused on turning ideas into usable, deployable tools with **FastAPI**, **Streamlit**, and **PySide6**.

---

### 🔧 Projects  

- **Violence Detection App** – Real-time video analysis using TensorFlow + OpenCV  
  🔗 Demo & Code → [Link](https://github.com/gopalpatil15/Violence-Detection.git)

- **AI Gym Trainer** – Real-time posture correction with MediaPipe + Streamlit  
  🔗 Demo & Code → [Link](https://github.com/gopalpatil15/Gym-AI-Trainer.git)

- **NLQ-Engine** – Natural language queries to database (LLM + FastAPI)  
  🔗 Demo & Code → [Link](https://github.com/gopalpatil15/NLQ-Engine.git)

---

### 🏆 Achievements  
- **Oracle Cloud Infrastructure 2025 — AI Foundations Associate (Score: 98%)**  
<a href="https://github.com/gopalpatil15/gopalpatil15/blob/main/GOPALPAILCERTIFICATE_page-0001.jpg"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/View Certificate-blue?style=flat-square&logo=oracle&logoColor=white"></a>
- Contributed to a **research paper** on AI automation  

---

### ⚙️ Tech Stack  
Python · TensorFlow · OpenCV · FastAPI · Streamlit · PySide6 · SQLite · Git  

---

### 📊 GitHub Stats  
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=gopalpatil15&show_icons=true&theme=radical" height="160" />
  <img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=gopalpatil15&theme=radical" height="160" />
</p>

---

### 📈 Top Languages  
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=gopalpatil15&layout=compact&theme=radical" height="160" />
</p>

---

### 🤝 Connect With Me  
<p align="center">
   <a href="mailto:bhamaregopal1573@gmail.com"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail&logoColor=white"></a>
   <a href="https://github.com/gopalpatil15"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-000000?logo=github&logoColor=white"></a>
  
</p>

---

### 🌐 Availability  
AI Engineer — I build deployable systems in **Computer Vision** and **LLM Automation**.  
Open to **AI/ML internships**, **research internships**, and **junior AI engineer roles**.

---

<p align="center"><b>“Turning ideas into intelligent automation.”</b></p>
